GTO docs (#199)
iterative/mlem.ai: content/docs/gto/install.md

# Installation

> To create an Artifact Registry with GTO, you only need a Git repo and GTO
> package installed. There's no need to set up any services or databases, compared
> to many other Model Registry offerings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need [Python](https://www.python.org/) to install GTO, and
[Git](https://git-scm.com/) to use it. No special services or databases or
databases are required!
```

Author: Not clear now why you need DB/Services at all - if we talk about GTO installation, let's remove all mentions of MR.

Reviewer: I removed the part about DBs because it didn't seem too relevant to mention in the installation page, but it may make sense in other docs.

Not sure I understood your suggestion wrt MR mentions.

To check whether GTO is installed in your environment, run `which gto`. To check
which version is installed, run `gto --version`.

## Install as a Python library

> GTO is a Python library. It works on any OS. You can install it with a package

Reviewer: We say that GTO is a command line tool in the cmd ref (closer to correct, I think). Here we say it's a library (misleading as its main use is via CLI).

> manager like [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/) or
> [Conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/), or as a Python
> [requirement](https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/user_guide/#requirements-files).

Reviewer: Seems redundant?
```suggestion
manager like [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/) or
[Conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/).
```

<admon type="info">

We **strongly** recommend creating a [virtual environment] or using [pipx] to
encapsulate your local environment.

[virtual environment]: https://python.readthedocs.io/en/stable/library/venv.html
[pipx]:
  https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-stand-alone-command-line-tools/

</admon>

```cli
$ pip install gto
```

> This will install the `gto` command-line interface (CLI) and make the Python API

Reviewer: Link to cmd ref?
